docs: Outline which links are picked up by Router & Prerender (#133)
preactjs/preact-iso: README.md

);
```

#### Restore default browser navigation for one link

The router intercepts `<a />` links that point to app pages. When you click such a link, it switches the route without loading a full page. It's quite common for users to want to opt-out of this behavior. Here are the rules for making `preact-iso` ignore a link:

> 1. You're on `https://example.org` but the link points to `https://example.com`.

Reviewer: I'd like to make sure "cross-origin" is mentioned, that's a keyword some may ctrl + f for

```suggestion
1. Cross-origin links, i.e., you're on `https://example.org` but the link points to `https://example.com`.
```

> 2. The link points to an identifier on the current page, i.e. to `#section`.

Reviewer: "fragment" is another keyword that's just useful to have around, even if it doesn't really add much to the sentence, and I figure a more explicit example similar to what you have above re:cross-origin links couldn't hurt.

```suggestion
2. The link points to a fragment identifier on the current page, i.e., you're on `/foo` and the link points to `/foo#section`.
```
